I can't watch him fall apart
I have handed over Huacan Group to Can
The request is Can, not me.
Can'er's father was wrong
Please give dad a chance
Dad knelt down for you, Dad, what are you doing?
Kneeling knife
Ouch, when I donated my bone marrow
Liu Ru has already knelt down for me once
Then I was trapped by ghosts
It's not the bone marrow I donated
And don't make yourself so dirty
Even if your Jiang family is really down
Don't you still have a good girl and a son?
They can still support you
Looking back, let's go
This Belle is just unreasonable
You almost came down and begged him, and he still refused to save you
Heart disease implicit heart medicine doctor
We hurt him too much.
You two go check it out
5 years ago
Xiao Can was kicked out of the house for stealing things
There's also the matter of donating bone marrow to me
Who donated it?
Yes, yes!
What that trash
It turned out to be the future heir of Huacan Group
Then wouldn't we be finished?
What are you afraid of, no matter how powerful he is
They are still the sons of the master
I don't believe he can force me to death